Proverbs 3:5, 6
made a tremendous impression on me:
“Trust in Jehovah with all your heart.”
When I was younger, I probably said:
“All right.
Let me try it and see if it works.”
As much as I loved
what I was learning from Jehovah,
I was still leaning a lot
on my own understanding.
Obviously, when we make
decisions in our lives—
A spiritual person
will review and think,
‘Let’s do this Jehovah’s way.’
And that was something
that I had lost sight of
at that moment in my life.
There was considerable opposition
to the work.
We expected that when we did street work,
we might be picked up and taken to jail.
But Jehovah’s organization
had explained to us
how we were to handle it.
I do remember
when the police finally picked me up,
and they drove me down to Chicago.
It was about an hour’s drive,
and they asked me,
“So, what did you do wrong?”
So I had one hour to witness to them.
And as I recall, I kept track of it,
and I counted the time too.
Things didn’t disturb us
because we were being trained
by Jehovah’s organization.
We knew what to do.
So I ended up in a jail
in Chicago for a weekend,
and there was nothing I could do about it,
so I put up with it.
So I was home for a day or two.
And then I went back to my assignment,
and I kept on working.
I left the rest in Jehovah’s hands,
and he handled it very nicely,
whether we were in jail
or whether we were not.
Eventually, I stumbled
upon the punk rock anarchist scene.
And this really called out to me
because here I could be myself;
I could establish my own standards.
But that scene eventually led me down
to a very dark path of immorality,
drug abuse, drunkenness,
and a lot of violence.
I felt lonely.
I felt betrayed.
I felt that nothing made sense.
I remember thinking back
to when I was learning about Jehovah
and how simple things were.
I decided to give Jehovah another shot.
Reading Matthew 16:24 hit me really hard,
where it says to ‘disown yourself,’
because I knew that scripture,
but I still hadn’t really focused
on what it meant for me.
I knew I had to let go
of certain parts of my personality
and of my old lifestyle.
I’d never really given Jehovah
a completely fair chance.
So I started applying more fully
the principles I found,
and I started trusting Jehovah more.
Very quickly things
started falling into place:
the determination that I had to serve him,
the changes that I needed to make
—changes that I never thought I could make.
I felt that spiritual progress was
appointments and assignments.
I think pride got the best of me there.
Very shortly after we got
to the congregation in Brooklyn,
I’m out in service with the coordinator,
and he says to me:
“The letter came back,
and you weren’t recommended as a servant.
Do you know what happened?”
So I said,
“Well, you know,
I think those brothers
have some problems over there.”
And he said:
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
“Stop for a second here.
“You don’t need to tell me anything negative
about the brothers in that hall.
“Focus on what you need to do,
and Jehovah
will take care of the rest of it.”
It really did feel like Jehovah
was just saying: ‘OK, stop.
Right now you need to focus on you.’
And that really just allowed me to relax
and focus on what
was really a lot more important
than whether I had a certain position
in Jehovah’s organization.
The humility and the patience
and the love and the adjustments
that I needed to make
—being a more obedient servant of Jehovah—
those were the things that were so important
that I had forgotten about for a while.
All the time that I spent pursuing
my own interests
always led to disappointment.
And now that I’ve learned about Jehovah
and living by his principles,
I have been having the time of my life.
To know that Jehovah just simply wants
to make me the best version of me
and teach me to enhance my personality
and to become better,
that really endeared me to Jehovah.
Jehovah really cared about me enough
to mold my thinking.
It was kind of like my life
was back in focus,
and I was able to just relax
and serve Jehovah happily.
And then, of course, the blessings
started really pouring in after that.
Everything I’ve done
connected with the truth,
I have enjoyed every speck of it.
You might have some great idea,
but
I found out:
You do things Jehovah’s way
and the end result is nothing but good.